Add "Using bugbug for non-Mozilla project" in the readme (#1065)
mozilla/bugbug: README.md

- `bugbug/nlp` contains utility functions for NLP;
- `bugbug/labels.py` contains utility functions for handling labels;
- `bugbug/bug_snapshot.py` contains a module to play back the history of a bug.

> ## Using bugbug for non-Mozilla project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using bugbug for non-Mozilla projects
```

Bugbug is focussing on Mozilla use-cases for Firefox and Bugzila.

> However, we will be happy to accept pul request adding support for other projects or bug tracker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we will be happy to accept pull requests adding support for other projects or bug trackers.
```
